[Music]
seven simple etiquette rules you don't
know you're breaking good manners are as
diverse as the people who show them
there are numerous etiquette rules and
many are only applicable in certain
countries thus eskimo people rub noses
when they greet each other the Japanese
always take their shoes off before
entering a house and Thai citizens will
never show their shoe soles it's
considered inappropriate nevertheless
there are some etiquette rules that
should be followed no matter which
nationality you are or where you live
unfortunately some of these important
rules are frequently discarded nowadays
now before you get down to refreshing
your knowledge of proper social behavior
press the subscription button you'll
find yourself on the bright side of life
where hundreds of funny and informative
videos will answer all of your burning
questions new updates appear several
times a day so you better ring the
notification bell if you don't want to
miss anything cool number seven carrying
bags now the modern lifestyle often gets
a bit hectic it demands that people
should always be prepared for any
unexpected development and so the number
of things you need to have at hand can
be overwhelming that's why almost every
person out there has some kind of bag to
accommodate all this stuff and if you
ever carry a bag or two or three it's
important to know how to deal with it
always carry your bag on your left arm
or shoulder so that your right hand is
free for handshakes if you're a man
never carry a woman's purse even if you
love her dearly
all you will achieve is looking weird at
the same time this rule doesn't spread
the heavy shopping bags don't place your
bag on the table or the floor next to
you in a restaurant either hang it on
your chair or a hook you can sometimes
find the ladder on the side of or
directly underneath the table if you're
in a crowded place don't carry your bag
on the crook of your arm if you
absolutely need to carry
bag this way hold it down with your
other hand otherwise hold it in front of
you this way you won't accidentally hurt
anyone
six showing respect at the gym
the fact that the gym isn't a ballroom a
posh restaurant or in office doesn't
mean you can do whatever you want there
and disregard others there's still a
correct way to do things properly if
you're late to a group exercise class
don't barge your way through everyone
toward your favorite spot it's your
fault that you're late
so just take whatever space is available
and don't block the equipment after
you've finished with weight machines we
set them to the minimum weight this way
the next person who uses them won't
injure themselves if they start doing
exercises without looking trust me it
happens use a towel to wipe your sweat
from all handles and equipment surfaces
after you've used them everyone will
probably agree that it looks downright
gross if you're about to use a bench and
notice a wet spot of somebody's sweat
there after you've chosen a pair of
dumbbells no not those two guys I mean
the weights just kidding step away from
the rack now other people can get a pair
for themselves as well if you approach a
piece of equipment be it a bench a squat
rack or a lifting platform make sure
that nobody is using it at that moment
five behaving in public places
now as members of society people should
behave in a certain way when they're
surrounded by others there are three
types of people in this world those who
arrive early those who arrive on time
and those who arrive late if you aren't
the first type you'll inevitably have to
pass in front of people at the theater
at the movies in a concert hall or in
any other place that is equipped with
seats the only right way to do it is by
facing the other people and not turning
your back toward them if you are the
first type you'll be the one that has to
let people get through to their seat in
this situation
don't remain sitting it's inconvenient
for people to climb over your legs stand
up to make it easier for them now while
we're still speaking about public places
there are several rules you should never
break don't talk on your phone avoid
commenting on what's happening in front
of you and stop chatting with your
neighbors right away it's inappropriate
at the movies at the theater or at a
concert people come to these events for
one purpose to enjoy them listening to
somebody's chatter isn't anyone's idea
of fun you can share your observations
with your friends at a sports match only
and even there it's rude and impolite to
shout nasty stuff at the players really
number four dealing with invitations
there are two types of invitation
regrets only and RSVP both require an
answer if you want to be invited to
other events in the future if an
invitation says regrets only you should
only respond if you're sure that you
will not attend otherwise the host will
count on you being there RSVP respond is
EVOO pay which is my bed French for
please respond
on the other hand means that you must
ride or call the host to confirm your
presence at their event you should do
this within the requested period of time
the host needs to know exactly how many
people will attend so that they can
prepare the right amount of food
beverages etc if you answer with a
definite yes you can only change it to a
no if there's a death in the family an
illness or an injury in these situations
you should call the host immediately if
you simply don't show up at the event
chances are high that your name will
never appear on any future guest lists
by the way if you use the my grandfather
just died excuse more than two or three
times for the same relative people will
catch on so be sure to change it up
regularly number three table manners
judging by the amount of time most
people spend eating out these days it's
only right to learn some etiquette
lines using cloth napkins may seem
simple but there are some rules to
remember if you need to leave the table
for some time put your napkin on your
chair if you finished your meal you can
place your napkin on the table this is a
sign for the waiter that you're done now
they can come up and take away your
dirty plates even so you should never
put your napkin
on top of your plate put your fork on
your plate if you need to take a break
from eating now if you aren't sure which
fork you should use for each dish start
with the one furthest from your plate
then work your way back toward your
plate it's an awkward moment
when you come to someone's house for
dinner and see the shrimp's or peanuts
you're allergic to on the table to
escape such a situation always notify
your host of the foods you can eat due
to health issues it'll save you both a
lot of trouble and maybe a ride in an
ambulance if you're in a small group of
up to four people in a restaurant wait
until everyone has been served before
you start to eat if it's a business or
formal meal you can begin when the hosts
ask you to do so otherwise wait until
everybody else has been served to
dressing up for an occasion now dressing
up can be incredibly tricky nowadays
there are so many different options it's
a little certainty about what's right
and what's not here are some useful tips
casual attire this can be anything from
a t-shirt and jeans to a pair of shorts
and a blouse it's a good idea to find
out if you're going to be inside or
outside you can also ask others what
they're going to wear casual Friday
usually happens in the office on Fridays
right and this casual differs
dramatically from one mentioned in the
previous point in most companies casual
Friday means you can swap your pants or
skirt for a pair of jeans and leave your
tie at home business casual being neat
is the answer here ditch clothing that
is too tied or oversized
just be stylish formal business this is
perfect for professionals who want to
always look dashing and our aiming to
climb the career ladder a suit and dark
dress shoes for men and pumps a skirt
and a blazer for women number one being
a people person there are two simple
rules to follow to make people secretly
thank you in their head when standing in
line at a coffee shop don't talk on the
phone especially when the barista has
already started asking you questions
it's impolite to make everyone else wait
and listen to your conversation don't
bring your pets mostly dogs with you
everywhere you go
first of all animals don't like shopping
even if it's a pet store in addition
other people won't enjoy your big clumsy
dog a small barking dog won't make them
happy either
the same goes for when you're invited to
a house party always ask if you can take
your dog with him well which human
habits that go against etiquette rules
bother you the most do you have any
other tips about how to be a polite
individual tell us about them in the
comments below remember to hit the like
button and join us on the bright side
let's make the world a better place
together
[Music]